okay dude what is up and oh my god I
cannot believe it do you know what the
crazy thing is I was literally only
talking about this last night magneto
Marvel now the white magneto is here
dude oh my god is awesome it is crazy
awesome Anna is it's insane it's insane
maybe even bring out missions as well
for the magneto this is so awesome I did
not expect magni Otis it's especially to
come out with missions anyway I did not
expect that but that's awesome but dude
I honestly thought this was going to be
like an elite arena reward a lot of
people are saying it's gonna be the
black spider-man I hope it's not I hope
black spider-man is not going to be an
elite arena reward because i want to get
black spider-man somehow I really do um
but yes dude as you can see right here
is an overview of magneto Marvel now
four-star version so let's just check
out his stats and talk about it while
we're actually going along as well so
all right so obviously he's a mutant cuz
he's a magneto he's a four-star with the
one we're looking at the four-star and
this one is fully ranked out rank 5 05
level 50 or 50 his health is like 15,000
660 and his attack is 1140 a pretty high
um obviously he's not awakened so you
can see his signature ability urgent
refraction I think that's the same as an
o Magnum imagine not too sure sign on as
you know his abilities are bleed level 5
he'll block level 5 and armor break our
break is like shadowed out with no level
day I'm not too sure why that is his
special attack is bloody sharpnel
bleeding fracture and called a bloody
diffusion alright so I'm definitely know
that the last one is a
wait up his last movies different
different to the other Bank new I'm
pretty sure is i don't remember saying
cold-blooded effusion so i'm not too
sure about the other two moves i think
we were the first to move may be the
same as a normal magneto by definitely
pretty sure that his last one isn't
let's see what bonus is he's actually
got all right so he gets a five percent
perfect block chance with Cyclops five
percent but perfect blocked shots with
magic and a 25-percent critical damage
with Wolverine doodads actually pretty
good oh definitely stuck him up with
Wolverine alright let's go and check out
his bio now he's by our here is the
master of magnetism he has embraced a
self-proclaimed role of a detective
judge jury and executioner against
mutants I sounds epic dude oh my god it
sounds too cool sounds too good to be
real alright one of the greatest marvel
anti-heroes ever magneto is except his
own form of mutant justice by any means
necessary oh my god you know what I love
these little BIOS you get when you get
the characters I'm really i really
honestly them pies for all the
characters you get are really pretty
awesome i love how they do that they're
so even if you don't know about Icarus
giving you a little taste about what is
actually about which is pretty awesome i
do like that definitely a cool thing
they put into this game the reason why I
had it is overview guys it's just
because look how awesomely cool magneto
looks look let me just go to fun oh my
god he looks epic he looked so epic he
look like he's got some big muscles man
look at that his arms are wedged off
that's like a magneto on steroids man
what the heck holy moly that is awesome
I think he could be my personal trainer
it looks pretty cool dudes um but yeah
it's so crazy how basically we were just
talking about this last night and about
r4i literally for that this white
magneto was gonna be an a reward for one
the elite arenas I honestly thought that
guys especially where they bring out
there the white always it now that the
the way I am faced last year when they
gave that away in Delhi arenas I
honestly forth and they were gonna give
the white Magneto and the white dead
poor as well but it looks like I was
completely wrong I was just saying what
i was thinking guys sometimes i love to
get my thoughts out there and especially
I like I see what you guys think as well
that's the cool thing about YouTube you
know guys we can we can communicate with
each other over videos it's so awesome
but um magneto Marvel now I like that I
like that a sexy gold trimming around
the edges this makes him look totally
awesome i love the fact that he's
abilities he'll block fri a fight level
5 that he'll block is really honestly
kind of cool um there's not much else to
say really about magneto except he just
looked awesome I want to know actually
if any of you guys got magneto out of
the crystal I want to know if he's a
fighting style is that the same as the
normal magneto because I've got a normal
magneto level first free store I mean
and I'm not too keen on his combos to
tell it onto wow so mad I guys wow you
know when you talking in and all of a
sudden your throat just goes curl route
out of there wow sorry about like guys
um yeah I am not too keen on Magneto's
the original magneto combo not really
too keen on it I'm not really too sure
why understand oh maybe if I play when
it bit more I might like it after a
while but when I do play with now and
again I'm not really too keen on these
combos like how you know how like iron
man is he's combos it feels a little bit
like slowish and I don't really like it
too tough um but he does the course of
the white magneto does look crazy
awesome i love it I so wish I would
agree with the fourth thought but I did
it
disappointment guys disappointment we
saw him in the real dough which was
awesome all right dudes leave in the
comments below below about what you
think about this white magneto anything
if any of you actually got him from the
crystals you have to let me know dudes
you so have to let me know just tell me
what you think about this as well as
crazy cool but I do to see you guys in
the next video dudes